hey very good attitude to wanted that
commenting and I bring you a nuclear with
a new dragon camouflage with the is
karachi you are seeing that it is a part and
start at the one we 're losing so
touches come back to take a nuclear and
Well, as always, I tell you what
better way to show you a camouflage
that with a nuclear in this example
well it's pretty short I'll talk
also of something else that has been
happened related to the dual with the
slow that we have pending out there and
good as you are seeing is a job
that we will start fully butt
I go directly to your restaurant
massacre them as we like so much to
you as me to take measures
nuclear then here when they kill me and
the nuclear streak begins if I do not
I mistake a streak of 38 that you are going to see
that quite frenetic there is a play
which I think is the best moves that
I have done in my life which also
more luck I have because you'll see
super hurry pm av come to me for all
sides I can make a knife I do not know
if you get out of these as it's called furious
some of that I do not know if 6 or 7 the
truth is that a one overrun of play
pretty lucky by the way as I have
said and good as you are seeing
camouflage buys me the two is worth me
you asked for nuclear yesterday came out the
camouflage yesterday afternoon on xbox are
always 600 too and well I bought myself
thanks to the two points that gave me
you are right
Personal code box and good as always
I tell you what is the discretion to
pass or yes you need any
code any points or whatever and
good a pretty nice camouflage that
it's the darkness you are not seeing that
it has like dragon blood running
between the scales that the truth that is
a pretty nice effect and then like
You are particularly looking at the faces
that has a piece of gun that looks
like as bright not that blood that you
it said it looks like a weapon of the day software not
of the typical camouflages that shine
a lot but with those roads that are
very cool also buys me as he said
the cyborg although he speaks in addition to the other
of him in another gameplay and that is to say is that
that cyborg camouflage is a bit
songs or to play green because it is
it illuminated the darkness so good and
we'll talk a little about the subject
here you have then that you have asked me and
I have been making up
how many games with this camouflage
testing weapons and such and it has cost me
a few games in exchange for nuclear
better a few gusts to 20 something
also one of them has been very funny
because the train of this has killed me
then it is when almost without volume and
I accidentally run over it so good
I also frei that a streak
of 21 or something like that but good here at last
I have the nuclear as I said and I'm going to
I am going to take advantage of speaking to you
little bit of the idea that I know
hey is talking this morning with a
snow club mate with a
mickey roster mate and good
I came up with the idea of starting a
series that would be doing duals with people
of competitive this I will also speak
of tomorrow's employment of competitive vale
because I think that maybe it will have more
welcome for people who see me playing
competitive but this is the play that
I used to tell you what the luck was
I have either here I'm going to throw
why do I say too much in fact
I'm leaving here I hide a little bit and
ends with is the only one who was
dissipating to the bottom but good as os
I said I plan to make a series not
I know how much how much it will be but for
example the catching people from
competitive and do a dual with them
to help them with their morale of
competitive and here for you
You also know more channels of
competitive is because obviously I
I am a competitive player but not
I am the most top that there is worth my intention
it is for example with the show with
mickey if you want some methods some
player for example stiller or if he has or
continue with the YouTube channel I do not know
help all those with plays of
competitive they also upload videos to
youtube so you can also see
gameplays on their channels since
I really think that they do not have
much better content with four
competitive
you go through the channels also for
that you also know as I tell you others
players and how they play and all that
so as I say I do not know every control
of the series I have to contract with
people at the moment because they are willing to
do it or mickey I'm alejandro like
He wants to call and in that when
we will also enter to speak with me
touch with some more out there that you want
well, grow a little on youtube
also with its competitive games
and good in terms of competitive
tell you that yesterday we had a very problem
big with him with the rival club what
you have the intuition description of which
I wrote and I do not feel like telling now
everything I will tell more tomorrow in the
competitive gameplay but a problem
pretty fat a lot of lack of
sportsmanship
meanwhile putting a connection of
two one or two or three bars of giving
you have constantly but good you have
everything about that thing or not is what
what happened in the description if crisis
to know it is an article a
quite long twitlonger but that I
I took my time to write it and I think that
everything is well explained and
from respect always not like those of the
club into a rival that started to
insult and all those things all the
We're going to do the usual things
and without more I'm not going to eat the jar there
many more opportunities to get to
the final cap really better than this
kind of people go to the next round
not because we do not pass ourselves but
because these people do not deserve to go with
traps and with sizes because it does not deserve
pity they continue because they really do not
they will get to nothing but good if they
They want to get this far, because I'm going to
away or if they make a top 3 the final here
Well, those balls
obviously this sarcasm not because
with that connection shit they carry
posting because then as they explain to
toulon gere put in the video game
decent for then because we were going to
claim him if he really was going to
missing the connection so well do not I
roll more with the subject if you want to know
more about this then you have it in the
description as I tell you in a few
days I'm from a nuclear with the
cyborg camouflage I do not know with what weapon
surely with your possible to carry
going a little bit because how good is this
has been exploited with a rifle gun
assault and the truth that I have to say
that this camouflage shines very well
with the m8 it is a camouflage that remains
super good with that of 94 also remains
pretty nice with submachine guns maybe
no but the rifles and they are very very
beautiful with this camouflage the rifles
I like more to wear them with camouflage
this one as it is called cyborg so
as I say, you worry because
of a camouflage involved in that camouflage
new and baixa also fixed that I have
left the death chamber trying
get also the death chamber
so you can see the title below as it is
a title in motion is to say an eye
of a dragon with fire the truth yes that
He was super cool and more with the emblem that
I have the emblem of nuclear
so without more kids they liked it
this gameplay then leave as always
like favorites and subscribe for more
goodbye